I had never cried as much as I did while watching  . I was warned, and I still went ahead thinking it’s a 2 hour film. I’ll shed a few tears, what else? Tears were an understatement, is all I’ll say, for those 2 hours. So when I picked up   to review, I channeled out everything I had heard about the film. There’s just something else about watching a film post its Oscar hype, to be able to agree, disagree, dismiss or confirm the conclusions people made of the film. Or better so, to make your own.  ’s   is a biopic on  , a gay rights activist.   gives a powerful performance, as a 40 year-old gay man who moves to San Francisco from New York with his boyfriend Scoot Smith ( ). Set in the 1950s, the couple open a camera shop in the neighborhood, and before he can realize,  Milk finds himself fighting for gay rights. The film captures a true essence of undercurrent of the bubbling homosexuality, and explores how San Francisco became the gay capital.  Here we see a strain in relationships, as Milk moves. After having run for Board of Supervisors, 3 years in a row, he finally gets elected, where we see him shift from being a nervous, closeted man to a public-speaking, motivational national figure. All this, however, happens at a cost. He meets eccentric lovers, who behave as pit stops for his political career: Cleve Jones ( ), a fellow community organizer, followed by Jack Lira ( ), a Mexican-American who becomes jealous of Milk’s advancing career.  This is my first problem with the film. It relies on formulaic story-telling that pre-supposes it’s only plot-points to be a conflict between the personal and professional. On one side we have a transformation happening, we see an individual’s journey so beautifully played by  , but when interspersed with a preachy sub-text about neurotic relationships, it becomes a bit monotonous. That is until we come to Dan White. One of  ’s most crucial relationships, White was a conservative Catholic man who considered homosexuality a sin. An alcoholic, White (played by  , of   fame) becomes  ’s biggest and most tragic hurdle. Their complexity, and powerful whiplash of personalities is so intensely carved out, it almost swirls you in.  As a fictional biopic, the DVD has some phenomenal extras. It almost serves as a mini-visual autobiography of Harvey Milk, with a small docu called  , where noted political figures of the time speak about him, deleted scenes – with a brilliant extended version of Milk’s first public speech and ‘Marching for Equality’ – a behind-the-scenes look at the various marches, protests and real-life events through San Francisco that Milk had fought for. Definitely a DVD worth investing in.  isn’t about a flawless political hero. It’s a personal account of motivation, hurdles, and an imperfect yet touching story that had to be told. In any which way possible. 