Is anyone else worried about the future of the fairytales we grew up with? How have we come to a place where we have to think twice about taking children to a   film? I’m not opposed to adaptations, but if the only purpose of the adaption is to make a grotesque, violent version of a tested narrative, why choose one that has been used as a bedtime story for children for years?  How would you feel if suddenly tomorrow Goofy turned out to be an evil-menacing werewolf-cum-canine who has ferocious animosity against humans? Similarly, while   and The Hunstman is mysteriously dark and has the potential to be a memorable action-fantasy film with stunningly creepy visuals and performances, it seems like making a violent adaption was the primary motive. In which case, I would have preferred the violence and ruggedness be translated into a different plot.  The basic story of the film is the same – after killing the king,  ’s father, Ravenna ( ), the evil step-mother imprisons   (Kristen Stewart) in the castle. Vanity is Ravenna’s vice, and in pursuit to be the fairest of them all, she is willing to go to any measure.  The dwarves aren’t characterized as Sleepy, Happy, Bashful etc; nor is   the demure damsel in distress. While this deconstruction seems refreshing on paper, the plot goes in no particular direction. Ultimately, Kristen Stewart’s performance is cold and you can’t tell the difference between her in   and in this film.   also looks like he’s dropped out of  , into the film. Besides, his role is almost negligible.   is the star performer of the film – positively sinister and she does make you flinch more than once.  The rugged quality of the film however, is brought out well.   serves as an interesting adaptation with potential as compared to   that was released earlier this year. This is mostly because the mood of the film takes an entire 180 degree turn from the original fairytale.  Writer   (of   fame) and first time director   together bring together a gritty texture that does manage to engross you in bits. While the action is more visual effects-heavy and seems a bit forced, the colors and the mood make up for the below-average acting and manage to suck you at particular points during the film. For these reasons particularly, you feel angry that the end result of the film resembles a complacent effort. With a rough makeover of a celebrated fairytale,   could have been powerful and much more immersive. For now, the film can be lauded for its attempt, but mostly you feel a rising sense of disappointment from the end result. 