The performances by   and   seemed even better this time. Also, the dialogues, penned by  , are outstandingly written. At the risk of sounding like a broken record, I keep saying that   is one of the best Indian writers as well as actors today, and he underlines this in  .  The larger issues in the film - sketchily written characters, gaping plot holes and screenplay flaws remain. Since the film is a thriller as well, I can't talk about these in detail, but it will suffice to say that there are just too many loopholes that can be pointed out in the writing. Still, for the manner in which it is shot, for being an engaging enough drama about a married couple, for the dialogues and for the performances   is a film that makes for one theatrical watch, for sure.
 Set in Pune during one of the most critical times in the history of our country - the economic liberalization days of the early 90s - it tells the story of Amar Apte and his wife Prachi, who are facing problems that stem from what Amar does for a living - he is a private detective who snoops into peoples' personal lives. Amar takes his work extremely seriously, even though others around him seem to have nothing but contempt for his lack of 'success'. Things take a turn for the murky when Amar gets involved in a case that brings him into contact with a woman named Neha.  As mentioned earlier,   always promised a lot. Intriguing promos and exciting names like Girish and   associated with the film meant that the pressure was always on the cast and crew to deliver a knockout film. And that they certainly don't, the primary reason for it being the writing.  As a character, Amar has been written shoddily. His 'dreams' of becoming a detective since he was a child seem forced and unconvincing. The 'Eureka' moment he narrates, which convinced him that he wanted to be a detective makes little sense, and the flip-flops his character makes form such a shaky character graph that it does irreparable damage to the graph of the film itself. As a thriller, the film's plot twists are predictable from a mile away. Perhaps the most disappointing part is the fact that at one point the film seems to be walking the   path, raising hopes, but then spiraling away into unflinching mediocrity soon after. As a drama between a couple whose marriage is on the rocks, the film does have its moments. The fights between Amar and Prachi are written realistically and are performed brilliantly. Also, one can't deny that the film does manage to hold the audience as far as the tension with regard to the destiny of this failing marriage is concerned. If the film remains watchable for a large part of it, it is because of the actors.   is easily one of the best actors in the country today, and he tries his best to lift his poorly written character. He manages to succeed sometimes, making you root more for him than for Amar. The fact that his voice has been dubbed over by someone else irks at times, if you are used to Girish's natural voice. Of course, it was probably done in the interest of the film, since Girish's natural voice would've been too thin for the character.  is dependable as always. She emotes beautifully when conveying her frustration over the marriage. Her character is essentially naive, and she convinces you of that naiveté.   as the mysterious Neha looks better than she's ever looked, and she manages to bring about that air of intrigue about her. Also, a good amount of effort has been put into the production design to create the 90s feel. The old rotating dial phones, film posters, the license plate numbering of that time and even Gold Spot manage to add a feel to it. Although why exactly the film is set in that time period is a mystery. The film has been shot well only in certain parts. There are a number of inexplicably over-exposed shots, too many for it to seem necessary. Debutante director   handles certain portions well. Also, his choice of shooting long dialogue scenes in single shots really impressed me. They show a mature attitude towards cinema. However, in the larger scheme of things his inexperience shows. Certain critical portions, particularly the thriller and backstory bits needed a more seasoned hand at the helm. The film is also far too long for its own good. Hopefully, the filmmakers will think of getting a shorter cut ready for its theatrical release.   is by no means unwatchable. But, considering the expectations I had from the film, I walked away extremely disappointed. 