Every film studio in the current day and age is experiencing a domino effect. Ever since the first one, (bonus points for telling me which) decided it would be a cool idea to make a sequel of successful film – the idea has being flying from studio to director as if it were the most innovative thing since a nose trimmer.    is no different than the fundamental process of wanting to double the success of an original film.  The first film,   was a depictive story of an anthropomorphic world of cars, their races and their lives;   follows from the same plot, where world champion Lighting McQueen ( ) and his best friend tow-trunk Mater ( ) head to Europe and Japan to participate in the World Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Mater gets whirl-pooled into an international espionage. The movie is cute, you can’t take that away, with all it’s inside jokes about cars and a motor-ridden lifestyle. In this world, a car with open wheels is considered “good looking”, and they’ve managed to incorporate the fuel versus electricity debate, which sucks you in – as a movie about cars could have the potential to alienate a few.  There are a few sequences that are visually engaging and lot’s of fun to watch, like the opening sequence which plays around with a Bond-like night-time raid on a ship. The background music is head-popping and fast-paced, and the crisp, tight-cutting animated shots make you sit back and go, “okay this could be a fun two hours”.  However, it might be Pixar’s (the animation studio behind  ,   and  ) reputation or just that fact that the original film  , was a surprisingly feel-good, intelligent film that set the bar high for the sequel, but both these factors work against the film. That’s the biggest problem with sequels - fundamentally, all the laughs, the jokes, the plot points feel rehearsed and forced. So when you laugh at the few moments in the film, you feel cheated. Cheated by a beer-bellied man in a tux is sitting behind a high-rising chair in a swanky office in LA smirking at his latest commercial investment.  And maybe you wouldn’t want that image in your head while you’re watching a feel-good animation film. Exactly at that point, the film starts to drop, as if there is some higher force governing the point at which the film gets predictable. A side note on the animation of the film – the features of every car are innovative and true to the car's character, whether it’s the buck-teeth of Mater or the handsome open wheels of Francesco Bernaulli, Lightening McQueen’s rival (voiced by  , and possibly the most entertaining character of the film).  strong>   is a fun weekend watch for you to unwind and sit with a large tub of popcorn. That is if you can channel out the voice of your movie-watching conscience. The same conscience that is trying to break your acceptance of lazy, “timepass” watches, that try to determine your intellect.    is a decent film, and after a long week, you could treat yourself to a light film - but maybe it’s time to look at the larger picture, and much more stimulating alternatives to what you consider as treats. 
