‘Mi anandasathi kahich karat nahin, anandani karto’ (I don’t do things for happiness, I do them happily) proclaims Dilip Prabhavalkar, who plays an eccentric scientist who conducts experiments for social good in his homegrown lab – experiments that often go BOOM! This line, and indeed Dilip Prabhavalkar’s character, is one of the many quirky aspects of  , produced by   and  , the men behind Deool. Directed by debutante  ,   is another feather in the cap of National Award winner  , one of the finds of Indian cinema in recent times. If Deool was though-provoking in an obvious manner,   takes a slightly different route to make you think – it makes you smile.   and   play a young married couple who are constantly on the run from creditors. Their life is just a cycle wherein they go to a new place, set up shop, end up owing money to people because they themselves are owed money and ultimately end up sneaking away to a new place in the midst of the night. Along the way, they face situations and meet characters that are like milestones in their quest for a state of equilibrium.  While every character in   makes you smile, a closer inspection will reveal that they stand for so much more than what they appear to be on the surface – Dilip Prabhavalkar’s mad scientist for example – an analogy can be drawn between his life and the life of our protagonist couple.   While  ’s performance undoubtedly needs to be lauded, it is his writing that is the real star of  . With crackling, insightful dialogue and a screenplay that makes the film a true journey for the characters as well as the audience,   once again proves the old adage - content is ultimately king.   also delivers an earnest performance as his wife. She is charming and sincere and you truly feel for her character of a woman who stands by her husband like a rock.  Of course, watching actors like Dr.   and Dilip Prabhavalkar is always a joy. Their characters are like mirrors for the protagonist. It is through them that his journey seems to acquire meaning. Dr. Shreeram Lagoo’s name on the poster of the film excited me, and his brief appearance was heart-warming as always, even though I least expected him to appear as the character he played in the film.  Another place where the film exceeded my expectations was its technique.   is visually appealing in terms of its cinematography, even though one can easily tell which shots were taken with a DSLR. Also, a special mention must be made of the background score. It seemed to hit just the right note when the situation demanded it, complimenting the character’s state of mind well. I did have some reservations about the manner in which the film was edited, but they were more on the creative side rather than the technical. I would perhaps have structured the film slightly differently, but I’d have to watch the film again to be sure.  In fact,   is one of the only Marathi films I’ve seen lately which I feel like watching twice, only because something tells me that in all of the humour and charm, I may have missed out on something that lay far deeper. I only hope that as many people as possible watch this film at least once, if only to spend some time in their life smiling a real smile. 