On being released alongside this week’s Bollywood valentine flick,  , a friend of mine had a rather snide wisecrack to make on  ’s  . “So essentially,   is a romantic film with a horse?” he said. In my head, I decided I would make no such presumptions; that so many rights had to make for a brilliant film (the nominations,  ’s sensibilities on non-human and sensitive war films –  ,  ,  ).  Barring  ’s avalanche of a background score, and  ’s beautifully visualized picture of the film,   is in actuality a long-drawn, schematic film about a boy and his relationship with his horse that tries to compel you to fall in love with it.  Based on the novel of the same name by British author  , the film is also set at the backdrop of the World War. Albert (notable debut by  ) gets attached to his purebred Joey. As the war seeps through the English countryside, his family has to sell Joey. The narrative then moves to Joey’s point of view, somewhere around 1918. He meets Emile, a French farm girl who lives with her grandfather and is a horse-owner too.  The difference between the two owners is depicted beautifully from Joey’s point of view – as Albert is passionate and rustic, Emile is gentle and subtle.   as Emile is a delight, often bringing in lighter moments, as she compares the two horses to two boyfriends she never had. But before we can rest with the changing narrative we are taken back to Albert’s journey – who has set out on a mission to find Joey.  at many points becomes too epic, forcing you to feel the same sense of splendor that one must have felt with films like  . This film however, is nowhere close – the story is rather old-world and laborious, and so is the production design, sets and several moments of the performances by the lead actors.  To be fair, you have to give it to   for allowing the audiences to sensitize with the non-human protagonists in his film (see  , and now  ). The cinematography by  ’s right arm,   is meticulous and the clear winner of the film. He manages to bring out the right play of light and colours to make the film a very pretty picture.  You do feel for Joey, you move alongside him in the film, but by sheer pacing,   fails to grip you. You don’t feel that lump in your throat that most World War films bring with it. The war sequences are swift and grand, reminding you of films like Kubrick’s   and the hues and treatment also remind you of the civil war from  .   The visuals are magnanimous, but somewhere in his journey to get a “wow” out of the audience for  ,   has lost out on the most intrinsic part of the film – connection.   remains a luxuriously larger-than-life film with a potentially heart-tugging premise, which looks pastoral and splendid but becomes too long and doesn’t stay with you. 