Like it or not, it is true.   is one of the most influential films in contemporary Hindi cinema. It has, in its own fist-thumping, water-hose twirling way, defined the kind of films we are subjected to these days. Unfortunately,   has to endure the ignominy of being clubbed with the very same films that have attempted to cash in on its hysteria. So people will always say  ,   and   in the same breath, even though   is so much more than the tripe that has followed it. The film has even managed to buck the recent trend of South Indian films being remade into Hindi, by inspiring its own Tamil remake.  , starring   ( ) in the lead role, stays faithful to its source frame-by-frame, so much so that it even gets bicep-flexing baddie   to reprise his role. For a multitude of reasons however,   falls way short of  . The superficial reasons are plenty.  ’s Chhedi Singh becomes  ’s Boxer Daniel. (Yes, really!) Malaika’s Munni becomes  ’s I don’t know what. The dialogue writer repeatedly invokes Rajnikanth’s  , only to say that we now have   - The Mass. (I’m still rubbing my eyes in disbelief at that one.)  Surprisingly,   is nowhere near   even in the technical department. The action isn’t nearly as well executed, and the VFX look just mediocre in most places. Also, the action sequences are poorly cut. The songs, though, are extremely catchy, especially the title track. However, there was a certain naughty innocence in the soundtrack of   that   just doesn’t manage to recreate. Needless to say, I don’t even remember the tune of  ’s item song.  And then there is Salman Khan. Make no mistake,   (or ‘Young Superstar STR’, if we are to believe the opening credits of  ) is endearing as hell. He has style, dances well, is athletic, and has a charm about him that is hard to ignore. But few in the whole wide world can match up to Salman Khan’s blazing screen presence, especially in a film like  , where Salman seems to have had the time of his life. Even the sentence ‘ ’s shirt gets ripped off in the end’ sounds like someone is trying to make Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus out of Lego. As I said though, the above are merely superficial differences. (Yes, even Salman Khan.) The reasons why   works and why   doesn’t lie far deeper.   isn’t great cinema, of that there is no doubt. However, Abhinav Singh Kashyap never pretended that that was what he was making. The makers of the film reveled in the ridiculousness that played out on screen, rendering popcorn passé and celebrating   instead. In the process,   also captured a wonderful flavor of the Hindi heartland. Try watching   without looking at any of the central characters or action, and you’ll know what I mean. It may not seem so at first sight, but   was well and truly ‘different’.  , on the other hand, just follows a long line of similar films that have been coming out of Tamil Nadu since time immemorial. Punch lines, style, action, catchy songs but no real plot – all these elements are not new to Tamil cinema; they can make these films in their sleep. When they wake up, we get 