Have you noticed the rising background music that almost every rom-com plays in the climax? It’s a predictable pattern – rising piano melodies and beats, a raging one-liner, which changes the course of the film, “You had me at hello” (Jerry McGuire) or “It was magic” (Sleepless in Seattle).  Following which, the music stops, for the ground breaking 30 seconds of revelation. And then the pair kiss; over a slow sax playing in the background. Even though we love seeing our familiar faces – Julia Roberts, Hugh Grant, and Richard Gere – do the romance ritual, we could each write a thesis on it. , too, is predictable, but only the kind that you like to relish on a love-starved day. It’s a story of two stark opposites (predictability no. 1)   and  , who meet on a flight while still in college. Sparks fly, (no 2) but with one slight variation.  Peet is looking for some airplane-washroom-action, while Kutcher seems love struck. They find excuses to keep in touch and this sparks off a series of meeting over 10 years. They grow up, but not with each other – and in each phase, they manage to run into each other.  The fun bit of the film is that every chance meeting isn’t predictable; the lead actors have a crackling chemistry and the soundtrack is extremely sensual, funny and passionate - very much in sync with the film.  is fresh, because it doesn’t need to rely on stereotypes to reveal a growing bond between the lead pair. With each chance meeting, year after year, the chemistry/repressed emotions get more and more palpable.  Much like the rising piano melodies that are intrinsic to a climax of a rom-com,  ’s script (written by  ) rises with every plot point, to a predictable climax, you want the movie to move in a pace where you can absorb every moment of growing passion. The DVD, released by  , has a couple of negligible bonus features – an audio track by director  , deleted scenes and blooper reel that is very hilarious courtesy   and a music video of Aqualung’s 'Brighter Than Sunshine', possibly the best song on the soundtrack. We all like to be intellectually stimulated, but there’s a different joy in reaching out to a more expressive side within you, that likes the regular dose of mush. Unlike typical romantic movies,   is a crisp, fresh and well-paced love story of two very lovable characters. It’s  , not all love. It’s partly wit, partly humour and lots of smile-worthy moments!