I remember   (Lightning) being the first Tamil film I attempted to watch without subtitles. I’ll be honest and tell you the only reason I did it is because I’ve seen the Hindi remake some 100 times ( ). My heroic act fell flat with fervor with a fellow Tamilian friend’s wise words – “I hope you’re not watching a   film without subtitles. Half the movie is English anyway.” There's a point behind me bringing out this incident –   is household name now in most parts of South India with films like  ,   and  . His films work because they have a certain universal quality to it, but they still manage to retain the socio-cultural flavor of his roots.  , however, is very different from his later films, which have strong themes and hard-cutting performances. It’s a simple, run-off-the-mill story about a guy who tries to woo a girl he saw once and fell in love with.  One of  ’s earlier films, in  , he plays his most charming role. Genuinely smitten by Reena ( ), he convinces you about his mad love, while the camera runs up and down with him on a road, like a love-struck maniac and even more so, when he wants to pull his hair out because he’s “whipped”, to put it colloquially. This portrayal works because, for a film released in 2000, for once we see romance staying away from cheesy songs with loud expressions.  This is achieved mainly because every performance, by  ,   or   is believable and fresh. Through the film you feel like you’re listening to a "how-this-happened" story that a friend tells you over coffee while you’re catching up after years. It brings that bright smile of anticipation on your face – as you see the film unfold.  Personally, I would have preferred a heroine with a brighter face than  . She just has the tendency to look bored sometimes.  ’s witty grandfather Subunni ( ) plays a charming performance as a father figure who supports his feelings with full rigour.  ’s best friend Chokalingam ( ) adds a sense of comic relief, something that is central to most South Indian films.  The music of the film tells half the story, really.  ’s first film as a composer is probably his best soundtrack till date. The songs are heart-warming, hummable and go so well with the flavor of the film. The entire package makes you want to wish you were the lead couple, so you could be a part of a romance that is so next-door.  When I first picked up the DVD of  , I was a bit alert. While the DVD has no feature as such, after having heard so many people praise a film that was a dud in Hindi, I wanted to mentally compare. Technically, the subtitles in the DVD are comprehensible (yes, I checked) and they help in making you see a sense of purity that the film has incorporated.  Simply put,   blew me away. It’s simple, charming and much unlike its Hindi counterpart which borders on a corny, watered down version of the film.  , however, has a very strong personality as a film – like an old, yellowed letter you find written with a blunt pencil. It doesn’t matter what language is being used, if you focus you’ll read into a pristine love story that dominated somebody’s life. Much like a stroke of lightening; it happens to you only once. 